a "Sword. Drink my blood," Mika said dramatically, as if he hadn't just almost drained Yuu. "Drink deep," he added with a tone of foreboding.

y "Asura-kannon." asura-Yuu said together in unison with him at the same time

y "Infinite Phantom blades"

y He made 2 sheathes, one for each eye.

a they cut deeper than a regular ghosting

a Guren was mostly unimpressed.

a He wondered what sort of new power this was, deadpan even in his own thoughts. Somewhere far at that moment the rest of the squad looked worried.

. SERAPH OF THE END -VAMPIRE REIGN- : Chapter 89 Vampire's 50% off
Story By TAKAYA KAGAMI
Art By NO ONE
Storyboards By DAISUKE FURUYA
Adaptation By ANA AND YGG

a "Draw," said Yuu. Everyone was confused, since this was not the best time for this activity. So they ignored him and Yuu-Asura decided to proceed with the most awaited battle of the century.

y Guren stared off into space like a shoujo protagonist. "There's a presence behind me." his minuscule brain thought.

a "NANI?!" He certainly thought as several cuts appeared in his body with the invisible attack of swords. They might be ghosts, but they sliced through reality with painful precision. Kinda.

a Guren licked the blood dripping on his face unsexily, pondering about how he could get killed. He not only could, he also should.

y Gluten made an epic dramatic pose because he was trying to look good even on the battlefield. However, he really couldn't accomplish it. Especially because no one could see both of his eyes.

y "MAHIRU. YOU AUTO-BLOCK THOSE." He said, still without emotion, as if this command would be any more useful than telling a Pokémon to dodge.

a "I'm going to use spells," Guren said. Mahiru didn't use spells, seeing as she answered something close to mwokey.

y Guren pulled out a large pile of small slips of paper. It appeared to be a deck of cards.

a "Yo, Yuu, you let your demon posses you and that's all you can manage?" Guren taunts, using bullying and his terrible parenting abilities. Because he is a bad role model.

a Yuu-asura was unimpressed. And then they deadpanned a succession of of fancy words that could make good titles for abo fics: "ASURA-KANNON. INFINITE BLADES. KNOT OF FATE."

y Guren's face looked not unlike Pikachu.

a Now guren was extra shook with this dangerous and kinky development.

y Alot of weapons went flying around the building, creating a potato shape, ready to inflict the damage guren deserved.

a He worried he wouldn't be able to avoid the attack. He shouldn't.

y "<strong>END THIS</strong>" said asura-Yuu doing the hand reaching emoji. (A/N does this emoji even exist like anywhere else)

a But then, like the phantom blades they are, the majority of the swords disappeared. But a handful of them did attack Guren, and lots of blood splashed everywhere. Like it should.

y "Did you get him?!" shouted Mika as our happy duo stared at what appeared to be Guren the hedgehog, spiky boi.

a "no, that felt wrong," asura-yuu said somewhat surprised. For twice the personalities, they had half of the emotions.

y Then Guren disappeared, leaving only the swords and a single torn card in its place - 3 of clubs.

a "HE'S GONE? WHERE DID HE GO?!!" Mika shouted questioningly, making his very sharp and very cute fangs visible. Because that's worth mentioning.

y "お前はもう死んでいる" quoth Guren in his head while saying "Good question." out loud. He slapped a card on Mika and on Yuu's back each.

a "Bind," said Guren dramatically, a word that is 1 letter short of 'blind', which would have been Bad.

a And then there was lightening everywhere, like a badass pikachu attack, except it was inflicted by Guren, and he by default isn't badass.

y Mika attempted to counter with his own Pokémon attack: Spit Up, because he had already used Stockpile.

a “Shut tf up brat,” guren said  as he held mika’s arm, annoyance clear. “I gotta weaken the demon first,” because an angry vampire was minor.

y Guren aimed his syringe at Yuu but Mika held up his uno reverse card. "no u"

a “Fuck,” guren deadpanned as he stabbed mika’s hand with the syringe, which might be important plot wise or not. All. “Yo, mahiru, crush his heart.”

a Mahiru then appears and taps yuu-asura on the sholder, he looks up, confused.

a “My heart..............belongs to Guren-sama.”

a Yuu is unimpressed.

a “NOT LIKE THIS!” Guren shouts, fuming.

a And so a sword comes flying outta nowhere and pierces yuu right through the heart. “Hmpf,” says mahiru.

y "YUU!!!!!!" screeched Mika like a dying chicken. The needle was 0.5 millimeters away from Yuu's neck.

a "Dang it." Mika wasn't fast enough to use his own body as a shield for a second time, so he just stood there watching.

y "This is bad." Yuu-Asura made the understatement of the year.

a The injection was a succession in the most anti-climatic way possible. Until the whole floor lit up somehow as Yuu screamed. Mika was shocked and concerned, lost as he switched his gaze between Yuu, who curled in on himself in pain in a stronger reaction than getting stabbed, and Guren, who held an ace of hearts, the card seemingly mocking him.

y "Crap. Hey, Mika? My consciousness is all the way back." Yuu announced. This information probably made Guren happy.

a That didn't make Mika much happy, probably. But Yuu looked very cute saying that.

y "And now for you." Guren said with a flourish even though he sort of looked like he was going to cry. Mika didn't want to wait to see his next magic trick. He hadn't signed up for audience participation!!

y Then Mika went in for the death bite. He slurped Guren's blood like someone chugging a soda for a challenge.

a "DIE, DIE DAMMIT, JUST DIE!!!!!1!!!!" Mika chanted in his head, voicing the thoughts of literally everyone.

a Guren attacked Mika with the handle of his sword and Mika was yeeted away, sadly not killing Guren.

y Guren realized he had lost too much blood. But the magic show must go on.

a "And now, for the grand finale, I'm going to saw a vampire in half!"

y If Mika had anything to say about it, this trick would be Guren's last. Still flopped into a crater in the wall, Mika commanded his sword. "Sword. Drink my blood. Drink more." He needed more power if he was going to fulfill everyone's hopes and dreams.

a Also, he needed to get rid of Guren's blood before finding out if vampires could have food poisoning.

y Guren stalked over to Mika and Mika prepared his attack. "OH no yoU doN'T!" shouted Yuu, but he couldn't move or his heart would be gone. Forever.

a Then the vines of Mika's sword wrapped around his body. Gluten took the opportunity of having him tied up to put him on the magic sawing box thingies.

y Gluten cut Mika in half but at that moment, Mika had unleashed his massive attack!! Additionally, he was happy because his eyes were still there.

a "Noo0oO," yuu screamed as everyone was yeeted away as several buildings, including the old they were in, went BOOM.

y Friends in a jeep on a hill that's steep:

y "Dozens of buildings just went flying!" screamed Kimizuki like a jellyfish. He was wrong, of course. But no one could complain, because he was driving at the same time as he counted the buildings.

a "I'M NOT GOING THERE, THX. THE PRIORITY IS MY DEAD SIS," Kimizuki yelled as he desperately avoided the wreckage in a wild dangerously exciting rally.

y "SHINOA! YU IS OVER THAT WAY RIGHT?!" Mitsuba shouted almost making Shinoa deaf.

y "PROBABLY!" Shinoa yelled back with equal volume even though she couldn't see any better.

a "I'll check!" Exclaimed Yoichi, the only one with the joy of extra good eyesight.

y Far away, he could see Yuu and Mika's upper half falling."T H E R E! I see Yuu! And he's crying!" he reported, leaving out the second <i>half</i> of what he saw.

a "FUCK, YUU IS CRYING?!!!" Kimizuki, who was dead set on getting the heck away from there, made a 180 degrees turn, metaphorically and literally. "WE GONNA SAVE OUR FAMILY DAMMIT, NO HOMO," he didn't ask, he announced, since he would do it regardless of the answer. Everyone agreed though.

y They drove on, bumping along the road as Yoichi unloaded arrows into the debris. The explosions made their journey look even more hype.

a And epic.

a They drove off with an explosion behind them, without looking back.

a Meanwhile Yuu cried and screamed Mika's name, but he was half dead.

y "Please, tell me you aren't dead!" sobbed Yuu. Yuu checked his pulse, but clearly he hadn't had one for years.

a "If...if you die...then I--"Yuu tried to threaten, but he was already crying. "I don't know what to do!" He cried harder.

a Then mika floated up like a terrifying balloon with lighting flying everywhere, thinking too highly of the squad and making the most heartbreaking confession as Yuu yelled his name, and exploded at the sound of fireworks by katy perry, an explosion so grand michael bay would applaud.

. <strong>THE END</strong>